docs: add warning about MessageCommand (#170)
sapphiredev/website: docs/Guide/getting-started/creating-a-basic-command.mdx

:::

:::info

> Note that by default Sapphire does not load the listeners required for processing message commands. You will need to construct your `SapphireClient` with
> the `loadMessageCommandListeners` option set to `true`. See more information about the [client options](https://www.sapphirejs.dev/docs/Documentation/api-framework/interfaces/SapphireClientOptions#loadmessagecommandlisteners).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that by default Sapphire does not load the listeners required for processing message commands. You will need to construct your `SapphireClient` with
the `loadMessageCommandListeners` option set to `true`. For more information see the [`SapphireClientOptions#loadMessageCommandListeners`][load-message-ecommands-option] interface.
```

Add to the bottom of this file:

```
[load-message-ecommands-option] ../../Documentation/api-framework/interfaces/SapphireClientOptions#loadmessagecommandlisteners
```

Reviewer: @AnotherBrynAlt You didn't add the link to the bottom of the file as mentioned above

:::

:::info

> 
> Note that by default Sapphire does not load message commands. You will need to construct your `SapphireClient` with
> the `loadMessageCommandListeners` property set to true. See the `SapphireClientOptions` docs.
> [Client Options](https://www.sapphirejs.dev/docs/Documentation/api-framework/interfaces/SapphireClientOptions#loadmessagecommandlisteners)
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Note that by default Sapphire does not load the listeners required for processing message commands. You will need to construct your `SapphireClient` with
the `loadMessageCommandListeners` option set to `true`. See more information about the [client options](https://www.sapphirejs.dev/docs/Documentation/api-framework/interfaces/SapphireClientOptions#loadmessagecommandlisteners).

```

[command]: ../../Documentation/api-framework/classes/Command
[commandoptions]: ../../Documentation/api-framework/interfaces/CommandOptions

> [getting-started]: ./getting-started-with-sapphire
> 
> [load-message-commands-option]
> ../../Documentation/api-framework/interfaces/SapphireClientOptions#loadmessagecommandlisteners

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[getting-started]: ./getting-started-with-sapphire
[load-message-commands-option]: ../../Documentation/api-framework/interfaces/SapphireClientOptions#loadmessagecommandlisteners
```
